well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the anatomy of a PR disaster yeah we're
gonna talk about the Department of
Defense posts from yesterday because
they sure stepped in it okay so if you
don't know we are currently
commemorating the 75th anniversary of
the Battle of the Bulge if you know
nothing of World War two history
understand the Battle of the Bulge was
incredibly important it was a turning
point beyond that from a military
sciences standpoint it's an incredibly
historic battle seventy-five years later
infantry commanders should still study
it because there's a lot they can learn
it would be in the military's best
interest to keep people interested in
this topic so what did they post a very
stunning photo of the bad guy and a
glowing biography of him now I want to
be very very clear when I say this when
I say bad guy I don't mean just that he
was the opposition I don't mean that he
was on the enemy team
I mean dudes a literal war criminal and
they posted that without an explanation
really they didn't explain what was
going on it was shocking to say the
least so shocking I called a friend of
mine that's in one of the unit's
affected and I asked him who might see
all wearing armbands now what's going on
and he tells me the rumor as to how this
went down so I want you to imagine your
boss comes to you and says hey we need
you to write a narrative of this event
be interesting be informative be
entertaining and you do it you have seen
the author of The Da Vinci Code Dan
Brown's masterclass on writing you know
you have to define your villain first
because that's gonna play throughout the
whole story so that's what you do and
you write your narrative and it's a long
narrative
so the social media people see it and
they're like wow it's too long and they
decide to break it up and post it day
after day throughout the commemoration
and then you get to look in horror as
the first day of the commemoration is
profiling the villain the bad guy that's
the rumor that's how this happened
according to the rumor mill up there so
yes this was definitely a huge mistake
but luckily it was a management mistake
not a moral one it certainly appeared
the post has been deleted now but it
certainly appeared that the Department
of Defense was endorsing an ideology
that's really not good and was extremely
troubling given the current political
climate in the United States I don't
know if they plan to still release the
rest of the narrative but there should
be more posts coming unless because of
the upward they decided to scrap the
whole thing which I wouldn't blame them
for at this point but the takeaway from
this is that when we see social media
blunders they may not always be what
they appear because this certainly
appeared to be incredibly troubling and
it turns out it was just normal
army management anyway it's just a
thought y'all know have a good day